This lot has been bought by an off-market buyer.
Is there someone else on the street?
Or am I exposed?
The auction is over
All VIPs please leave in an orderly manner
Finally gone
Ok hum
Who the hell dares to steal things from me?
Who the hell bought it?
It was bought anonymously by an off-market buyer
I don't deserve to know, stop talking shit
I don't care who the hell bought it
I'll take this vase.
Did you hear the dragon? Let's go
Don't move like that
Brother Tibetan Feng, let's go
We can't get this vase today, don't worry.
Let the bullets fly a little longer
Take away
Wait for Hargo
He actually came to connect in person
Hahahahaha
Isn't this Mr. Lin?
It's nice to meet you.
We meet again today
Who am I?
Brother, hahaha, what's the matter?
Pasta, I'm here to pick it up, sir.
Your goods were taken by them.
It's you who's been making trouble for a long time
Come, come, let me tell you
This bottle must be ordered
If you don't want to get beat up, get out of here
Haha, uncle, this vase is very important to me.
Can you buy me?
How much do I pay?
Linger, hey
Crazy! What are you doing here?
You two must stay out of this matter
Quickly take Linger out of here
Come on
Mr. Lin is really sorry
Because this vase is also very important to me.